docs: add q 123 (#314)
FidelusAleksander/ghcertified: content/questions/actions/question-123.md

---

> question: "What must be added to `Checkout GitHub Action` if `my-org/my-repo` is a private repository differing from the one containing the current workflow?"

Reviewer: All other snippets reference `my-org/my-private-repo`
```suggestion
question: "What must be added to `actions/checkout` if `my-org/my-private-repo` is a private repository differing from the one containing the current workflow?"
```

Author: Oops my apologies - just saw this. Thank you so much!
